OK let's go over the things you're going to need to complete this course.
So the first thing you're going to need to complete this course is you're going to need photoshop.
Photoshop is the main tool that we'll be using throughout this entire course to create our artwork and
our characters.
I'm here at the Adobes download page here at this page.
You can download a 30 day free trial of Photoshop for free.
So all you have to do is click on the Photoshop icon and that will take you to a new page where you'll
fill out some information and from there it's pretty self-explanatory.
Now I'll leave link for this page and I'll leave a link for all the pages that I go over in this course.
Now if you're going to do commercial work and get paid for it or if you plan on doing this for the long
run you're going to need to buy Photoshop now.
The way Photoshop works is it's on a month to month subscription base.
Now you can find some older versions of Photoshop that you can download onto your computer and keep
it there forever.
But the nice thing about doing a subscription based version of Photoshop is you constantly get the latest
version of Photoshop.
So any time they come out with an update you'll get that update because your monthly pain for it and
it's also kind of like an installment payment where instead of paying a thousand dollars for Photoshop
you're only paying $20 a month.
Now that will be more expensive in the long run but that's just the way Adobe has decided to take things
and so it's the way that you have to pay.
You'll pay for it here at this page and it's going to be this single app package right here and you'll
select Photoshop and you'll go ahead and buy now.
Now the third thing you're going to need to complete this course which isn't essential but it's very
recommended that you use.
This is a drawing tablet.
This is the device that you can hook into your computer and draw with.
Now I recommend this because we're going to be doing some drawing in this course and it can be very
difficult to do with a mouse.
We're also going to be doing some detail work and some shading which can be difficult to do with the
mouse though it is very possible and I've had many students create artwork with their mouses and even
I have used my mouse in the past to create artwork.
When I first got started.
Another thing you can do is when we're designing our characters and sketching them out rather than doing
them on the computer you can do that with a pen and a paper or pencil and paper and then you can take
a picture of that or scan it in and use that as a base for your character.
Now it's said that way Calment makes the best tablets.
I don't really know because I've never used any other types of tablets besides Wakem tablets but from
my experience they work very well and they're very high quality.
And you can produce very good artwork with them here on Amazon.
I did a quick search for Wakem tablets and you can see they have all different types.
They can be pretty pricey and they can also be pretty cheap.
Now the type of Wakem tablet that I'm using is called the bamboo tablet.
It's right here.
I'll also leave a link for this guy.
Now this is one of their lower end tablets.
I think it's just above their lowest grade tablet and it works completely fine for me.
I know that other higher price tablets can do a lot more and they are a lot more sensitive to pressure.
But this tablet does the job just fine for me.
I've never had any problems with it.
I'm still able to create really great artwork.
It's very inexpensive as you can see here.
It's not being sold by Amazon but you can buy some used ones for about a hundred dollars.
I bought mine used for less than $100.
So this is a tablet that I very much recommend to people just getting started with digital artwork.
Now the last thing you're going to need to complete this course is unity 3D.
Now many of you probably know what unity is.
If you don't what it is is it's a game developer software.
So with this software you can create games of all sorts from 3D to 2D to platform to pixel art any type
of game you can think of.
You can create it with unity and the nice thing about it is it's open source and it's free for personal
use.
All you have to do is come to this page which will also leave a link to and that you will just hit download.
Now
this is going to bring you to this page and you're just going to hit download installer.
And then there goes it's going to start downloading onto your computer.
After that all you have to do is just run it like a normal program and install.
Now the reason for downloading unity is not because we're going to be building a game but because I
want to demonstrate to you how you animi your character once you've created each individual frame and
put it onto a spreadsheet.
So once you've got all these things and you're ready to start the course.
Let's go ahead and move on to the next parts of our course.
I hope this letter was helpful for you and you're really excited to get started with this.
I know I am.
Thanks for watching.
And I hope to see you in the next lecture.